Update Set-VMHost: accurate info on default folders (#2182)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/hyper-v/Set-VMHost.md

```

### -VirtualHardDiskPath

> Specifies the default folder to store virtual hard disks on the Hyper-V host. This is not a functional setting. The Hyper-V Manager snap-in and Windows Admin Center query it to offer you a default path, but the Hyper-V API (e.g. `CreateFixedVirtualHardDisk`) and `New-VHD` don't use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the default folder to store virtual hard disks on the Hyper-V host. This is not a functional setting. The Hyper-V Manager snap-in and Windows Admin Center query it to offer you a default path, but the Hyper-V API (for example `CreateFixedVirtualHardDisk`) and `New-VHD` don't use it.
```

```

### -VirtualMachinePath

> Specifies the default folder to store virtual machine configuration files on the Hyper-V host. This is a functional setting, meaning that if you do not supply a path to VM creations tools (e.g. `New-VM`), Hyper-V will use this path. Hyper-V will create at least one subfolder in this path, called "Virtual Machines".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the default folder to store virtual machine configuration files on the Hyper-V host. This is a functional setting, meaning that if you do not supply a path to VM creation tools (for example `New-VM`), Hyper-V will use this path. Hyper-V will create at least one subfolder in this path, called "Virtual Machines".
```
